(Episode 28)
Do you have no intention of loving me,
or are you not interested in love at all?
Both.
I don't care about love,
but even if I did, you wouldn't be...
the one I'd fall for.
How can you be so sure?
Tell me.
What makes you so certain?
Would you like me to tell you?
It's because there is a man you love.
You know who he is.
That's why you can be that sure I'm not the one.
Who is it?
- Is it Hyun? - No.
It's not him.
How do you do it?
Do what?
Tell me your secret of positioning yourself.
Basketball?
No, women.
You're a healthy man in his 30s,
and the woman you love wants to just stay as colleagues.
How can you be so calm without worrying?
Who says I'm calm?
Oh, so you're saying...
you're holding out because there isn't anything you can do?
I'm not holding out.
I'm just letting things go the way they go.
At least,
she doesn't feel uncomfortable to be around me.
What if nothing changes forever?
That'd be good too.
If she's not the one, there will be a different path.
If you let things flow,
time will teach you everything.
You sound like an old man.
Don't sweat it.
Time will solve all matters.
When grown-ups said this to me in the past,
I just found it ridiculous.
But now,
I think they were right.
Stop pretending to be a grown-up.
Aren't we grown-ups?
You and I, we're both in our 30s.
Let's go. The others will be waiting.
Okay.
Don't you think we get along too well?
Aren't we kind of love rivals?
That only stands...
if Doctor Song considers us real guys.
What am I if not a real guy?
Ask Doctor Song.
What?
News summary.
Police arrested a gang trying to smuggle...
methamphetamine into Korea.
They were found with firearms...
which was an added shock.
The next story.
Shortly after a minor was assaulted in Busan,
- in Cheonan... - What are you doing?
The GPS is acting up.
It's such a nuisance.
- For assaulting a friend... - This GPS.
Two girls aged 14, one surnamed Seo...
were arrested and charged.
What do you think the world is coming to?
They're kids themselves. How could they hurt a friend?
A lot of them copy what they see adults do.
That's true. Oh, by the way.
We've been sleeping and eating on board for two days.
Do they seem to be managing okay?
They're all settled in now.
What about the dentist?
How is his seasickness these days?
How could that ever go away?
He just has to learn how to deal with it.
Oh, right.
Is the team dinner tonight still on?
We're busy putting everything together.
You'd better. A team dinner's long overdue.
What's that? Are you playing games again?
Yes. Don't talk to me, I might die.
I need to play as well.
At 4am this morning, near Jangseungpo Port,
Police arrested a gang trying to smuggle...
methamphetamine into Korea.
The street value of the meth seized was 31 million dollars.
The gang was planning to...
sell them off to Japan.
- Give me that. - They were found with firearms...
which was an added shock.
Lee, the leader of the gang...
and five other members are still at large.
Police are focusing efforts to track them down.
- It's really hot. - Make some room.
Tonight around 9pm...
Something smells delicious.
Are you on dinner duty?
- Yes. - Yes.
- Is this your treat, Doctor Song? - Yes.
Why did you spend so much?
Did you sell half your house or something?
Just half?
A cake. I forgot to get a cake.
A cake? What for?
It's Mr. Yang's birthday today.
- Is it really? - I'm so embarrassed now.
He has to make a wish then.
Shall we go to the supermarket by the dock?
- To get something to make a cake. - Shall we?
No. You don't have to go.
Did you know about it beforehand?
That it's his birthday?
How?
I just happened to find out.
You happened to?
- Something's fishy. - Don't say that.
Nothing's going on.
For the doctors and nurses of the hospital ship...
who care for patients day and night...
Before we begin, let me show you what I brought.
- Again? - I like that.
Take one each.
- Did you all take a packet? - Yes, yes.
Doctor Song, stand up, please.
Today, she spent her hard-earned cash...
to buy meat to nourish the flesh and bone of the staff...
and crew of the hospital ship.
Our dear Doctor Song deserves...
our love and a toast.
- Cheers. - Cheers.
Down your first drink on an empty stomach.
Thank you, Doctor Song.
- Thank you. - Thank you.
- Okay. - Let's go.
- Go! - Let's go!
Just die!
Happy birthday, Choon Ho.
Thank you.
You make a nice couple.
Maybe it's the cake.
- What? - I was kidding.
Smudge some cream on Choon Ho's face.
You two should just...
She really did it.
She actually did as she was told.
Get the lights. Lights!
Our boss.
- Where's our boss? - Boss.
- Boss! - Boss!
What now? Shouldn't we take him to a hospital?
Were you shot in the head?
Do you think...
the doctors will welcome us if we go looking like this?
They'd call the police before doing anything to help him.
Then what? Will we leave him to die?
We can't do that.
He knows something worth a fortune.
- What should we do? - Shut your mouth for a bit.
Let me think.
- Boss. - Didn't you hear me? Shut it.
I have an idea.
If it's not a good one,
I will shoot you in the head myself.
Look.
- A hospital ship? - Yes, a hospital ship.
There's a serious doctor...
who takes out appendices...
and sews on severed hands.
Who's that?
(Surgeon Song Eun Jae)
Song Eun Jae?
This pretty girl is a monster surgeon?
Yes, according to the news articles.
- Not only that... - There's more?
Her ship is docked very near by.
I really stuffed myself for once in a long while.
- That was good. - Wasn't it?
Did you drink a lot, Nurse Yoo?
You agree with what I say?
What's there not to agree with?
We wrapped up early.
We're on duty tomorrow. Then I have to be at the ER.
- Aren't you going downstairs? - I have some work to do.
Why won't you tell him Ms. Choi isn't sick?
You should if he's your friend. Why?
You wouldn't want a friend to be duped.
Or end up ruining his life because of a witch.
But still, you have...
no intention of telling him.
- That's... - Because...
you don't want him to feel ashamed?
No.
You don't want to look like a jealous woman.
You don't want the man you like...
to think less of you.
No.
It's not that.
Sewoon Hospital?
Put me through to Choi Young Eun...
who's in the Hemato-oncology Department.
What's the patient's name again?
Choi Young Eun.
She's Chief Choi Hyun Shik's niece.
I'm sorry, but...
we don't have a record of a patient with that name.
She wasn't admitted?
(Hyun)
Why won't you take it?
How can I when I sound drunk?
What will you tell him later?
I'll say that I was being treated.
What an incredible hospital suite this is.
What are you doing?
What are you doing with my son?
[VIU Ver] Episode 28 Hospital Ship "I Couldn't Let You Go Alone"
-= Ruo Xi =-
Did one of the ropes come undone?
The duty journal.
Who are you?
Do you know what that is?
Answer me.
It's over there.
This?
- The cake was delicious. - Was it really?
Captain Bang Sung Woo and 17 other staff.
That means there's a total of 18 people on board.
You sneaky jerk.
What?
Were you going to signal for help?
I'm in control of the wheelhouse.
- Move in. - Yes, boss.
Yes, boss.
Tie him up.
I said tie him up.
Tie him up. Hurry.
You jerk.
Hands up!
Hey! Hey! Hey!
Keep quiet!
Walk. Get in there, now!
- Hurry up. - Let's move it.
Move!
Move it!
Song Eun Jae.
Who's Song Eun Jae?
This is her.
Nurse Pyo.
Nurse Pyo. Are you okay?
Doctor Song.
You're prettier in the flesh.
Are you that great a surgeon?
I need you to operate on someone.
- Take her. - Yes, boss.
Take her.
- Doctor! - No!
Wait.
- Didn't you hear something? - Hear what?
(Coast Guard)
I think it came from the hospital ship.
Hey, hey.
Who are you?
You said you have someone...
- who needs emergency surgery. - So what?
Even the simplest of surgeries can't be done alone.
- And? - I'll come too.
Who are you? Are you a doctor?
- Check. - Yes, boss.
(Organizational Chart)
He's a doctor. Internal Medicine, Kwak Hyun.
Bring him too.
Come along.
- No, Doctor Song! - Doctor Song.
Doctor Song!
Doctor Song.
Keep quiet!
What?
Hospital ship, please respond.
Hospital ship, respond.
This is Coast Guard.
Hospital ship, please respond.
Answer it.
If you want to save people on the hospital ship,
answer it.
Now.
Captain, what is this sound?
Is there a problem?
Captain.
Captain?
It's me.
No, there's no problem.
There must be a problem with the distribution panel.
Hurry.
Hurry up.
Why did you do it? It wasn't necessary.
I couldn't let you go alone.
Come out.
Come out now.
(Coast Guard does its best.)
Captain, why is there an undocking ship?
Do you have an emergency patient?
Yes.
We have an emergency patient.
I see. Thank you.
Thank you.
That's good. Put it down.